[SDK-3556] Add rate limiting note for `requestContentCardsRefresh` (iOS, Android, Web) (#5277)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/content_cards/refreshing_the_feed.md

Refer to our [corresponding KDoc][1] for more information on this method.

{% alert important %}
Usage of `requestContentCardsRefresh` may be rate limited under certain conditions. For more details around this, contact your Customer Success Manager or Account Team.

> Please try to limit these calls to 3 calls per 10 minutes. These limits will be imposed on the SDK-side in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the risk of rate-limiting, limit your usage of `requestContentCardsRefresh` to 3 calls per 10 minutes.
```
1. Imo the stuff in line 40 already warns we can rate limit. 
2. "These limits will be imposed on the SDK-side in the future." as written is too prescriptive about the implementation and limits us to using the stated rate-limiting values.
